Add CPU and GPU temperature (#61)
tmux-plugins/tmux-cpu: README.md

@cpu_medium_thresh "30" # medium percentage threshold
@cpu_high_thresh "80" # high percentage threshold

@ram_(low_icon,high_bg_color,etc...) # same defaults as above

@cpu_temp_format "%2.0f" # printf format to use to display temperature
@cpu_temp_units "C" # supports C & F

@cpu_temp_medium_thresh "80" # medium temperature threshold

> @cpu_temp_high_thresh "90" # high temperature threshold

Reviewer: you need to change this also.

Author: Sorry, I don't see what needs changing.

Author: Do you mean there's no `@gpu_temp_high_thresh`? No, there isn't - it just uses the CPU threshold. For that matter, there's never been a `@gpu_high_thresh` either.

Reviewer: Ok my bad I miss read the "variable rename" commit.

@cpu_temp_(low_icon,high_bg_color,etc...) # same defaults as above
```

> All `@cpu_*` options are valid with `@gpu_*`. Additionally, `@ram_*` options become `@gram_*` for GPU equivalents.

Author: ```suggestion
Most `@cpu_*` options are valid with `@gpu_*`. Additionally, `@ram_*` options become `@gram_*` for GPU equivalents. The `@cpu_*_thresh` options also apply to the GPU (no explicit separate `@gpu_*_thresh` config).
```

Reviewer: ```
All `@cpu_*` options are valid with `@gpu_*` (except `@cpu_*_thresh` which only apply to both CPU and GPU). Additionally, `@ram_*` options become `@gram_*` for GPU equivalents.
```
